Docs: Reorganize Configuration Documentation (#13837)
eslint/eslint: docs/user-guide/configuring/language-options.md

# Language Options

* [Specifying Environments](#specifying-environments)
* [Specifying Globals](#specifying-globals)
* [Specifying Parser Options](#specifying-parser-options)

## Specifying Environments

> An environment defines global variables that are predefined. The available environments are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An environment provides predefined global variables. The available environments are:
```

### Using configuration files

To specify environments in a configuration file, use the `env` key and specify which environments you want to enable by setting each to `true`. For example, the following enables the browser and Node.js environments:

```json
{
    "env": {
        "browser": true,
        "node": true
    }
}
```

Or in a `package.json` file

```json
{
    "name": "mypackage",
    "version": "0.0.1",
    "eslintConfig": {
        "env": {
            "browser": true,
            "node": true
        }
    }
}
```

And in YAML:

```yaml
---
  env:
    browser: true
    node: true
```

### Using a plugin

If you want to use an environment from a plugin, be sure to specify the plugin name in the `plugins` array and then use the unprefixed plugin name, followed by a slash, followed by the environment name. For example:

```json
{
    "plugins": ["example"],
    "env": {
        "example/custom": true
    }
}
```

Or in a `package.json` file

```json
{
    "name": "mypackage",
    "version": "0.0.1",
    "eslintConfig": {
        "plugins": ["example"],
        "env": {
            "example/custom": true
        }
    }
}
```

## Specifying Globals

> The [no-undef](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-undef) rule will warn on variables that are accessed but not defined within the same file. If you are using global variables inside of a file then it's worthwhile to define those globals so that ESLint will not warn about their usage. You can define global variables either using comments inside of a file or in the configuration file.

Reviewer: There are a bunch of rules that rely on global variable information, so I wouldn't mention any specific rules here (it will be easy to forget to update this if things change.)

Author: I think I understand what you're saying here. To make the documentation reusable, it'll def be a good idea to stay away from specific rules here. I have a couple of suggestions on how to improve this paragraph, lmk what you think works well:

> ESLint has [rules] (https://eslint.org/docs/rules) that will warn if so some variables are accessed but not defined within the same file. If you are using global variables inside of a file then it's worthwhile to define those globals so that ESLint will not warn about their usage. You can define global variables either using comments inside of a file or in the configuration file.

> If you are using global variables inside of a file then it's worthwhile to define those globals so that ESLint will not warn about their usage. You can define global variables either using comments inside of a file or in the configuration file.

Reviewer 2: My suggestion:

```suggestion
Some of ESLint's core rules rely on knowledge of the global variables available to your code at runtime. Since these can vary greatly between different environments as well as be modified at runtime, ESLint makes no assumptions about what global variables exist in your execution environment. If you would like to use rules that require knowledge of what global variables are available, you can define global variables in your configuration file or by using configure comments in your source code.
```

Reviewer 3: I like mentioning to the related rules or `eslint:recommended`.

If someone configured globals, but ESLint doesn't warn about globals, they would be surprised. ESLint has many rules and it's hard to find related rules, so it's worthful that the "Specifying Globals" section describes how we configure warnings about globals. Probably `eslint:recommended` is suitable.

Reviewer 2: We have a few different suggestions from team members here. I agree that it makes sense to avoid mentioning specific rules here for maintenance reasons, and don't feel strongly about how we go about solving that. Could we provide @khawarlatifkhan with a clear path forward so that we can land this?

Reviewer: In the interest of moving things forward, let's go with @kaicataldo's suggestion here and we can always tweak the docs after it's merged.

To configure global variables inside of a configuration file, set the `globals` configuration property to an object containing keys named for each of the global variables you want to use. For each global variable key, set the corresponding value equal to `"writable"` to allow the variable to be overwritten or `"readonly"` to disallow overwriting. For example:

```json
{
    "globals": {
        "var1": "writable",
        "var2": "readonly"
    }
}
```

And in YAML:

```yaml
---
  globals:
    var1: writable
    var2: readonly
```

These examples allow `var1` to be overwritten in your code, but disallow it for `var2`.

Globals can be disabled with the string `"off"`. For example, in an environment where most ES2015 globals are available but `Promise` is unavailable, you might use this config:

```json
{
    "env": {
        "es6": true
    },
    "globals": {
        "Promise": "off"
    }
}
```

For historical reasons, the boolean value `false` and the string value `"readable"` are equivalent to `"readonly"`. Similarly, the boolean value `true` and the string value `"writeable"` are equivalent to `"writable"`. However, the use of older values is deprecated.

> **Note:** Enable the [no-global-assign](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-global-assign) rule to disallow modifications to read-only global variables in your code.

Reviewer: Again, not sure we want to reference specific rules here in case things change. We can always reference from the rule docs to this page.

Author: Please let me know if one of the following changes works in this case:

Suggestion one: deleting the note.

Suggestion two:

> **Note:** You can enable some ESLint [rules] (https://eslint.org/docs/rules) to disallow modifications to read-only global variables in your code.

Reviewer 2: Friendly ping @nzakas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I think it makes sense to remove it.
